Procedure to generate cubes (#76)
dcs4cop/xcube: README.md

...is [here](docs/DEV-GUIDE.md).

# User Guide

> A small user guide is provided [here](examples/Steps.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user guide is currently under development, a quickstart on how to generate data cubes can be found [here](examples/Steps.md).
```
